## JWT Tokens
- RESTful APIs are statless, they don't care about the client.
- Server generates a token and sends it to the client.
- Client stores it in the browser storage.
- Stored token is sent to authorize subsequent requests by the client.

### Token (JSON Web Token) = JSON Data + Signature(generated by server with a Private Key)

## What is Async Await all about?
- Async and Await allows you to write asynchronous requests, so requests where you have some operation that takes a little while and comes backs later in a synchronous way.
- It looks synchronous but it still isn't a synchronous request. (Synchronous ONLY by the way it looks, NOT by the way it behaves).


## How can you identify an asynchronous operations?
- When you are using Promises.
- Promises are a typical construct that helps you deal with asynchronous code because promises work like that.
- `.then()` is executed once the operation before it is done.
- It is more readable than using callbacks.
- Whereas, using `async await` is even more readable than using `.then()` and `.catch()` blocks.

#### `Async Await` transforms your code in `.then()` blocks behind the scene.


## Web Sockets
#### What if you want to send something from the server to the client, so what if something happens and you want to inform the client?
- Web sockets are build up on http, they are established via http, they use a so-called http handshake to upgrade the http protocol to the web sockets protocol.
- That simply talks about how data is exchanged.
- With http, it is request-response.
- With web sockets it is push data or actually it is both.


## Emit vs Broadcast in Web Sockets
- Emit will send a message to all connected users, whereas broadcast sends it to all users except for the one from which this request was sent.